PNE2SAC revision 2 has several new (optional) header switches that you can add to your wavetrack output file.
They control the optimization algorithm.
If they are omitted, the optimizer will run on default values, but will still generate the original, unmodified waveform.

Here is an example. Modify it to fit your particular event.
Note that the new fields of Optimize, threshold, breakpoint, and shiftlimit are each OPTIONAL. If omitted, the program will pick the default value and use it.

Optimization defaults will change, likely as we gain more experience as a team.

For now, as of 28April, they are as follows:
optimize False
threshold 8.0              (Typical values that seem to work best will range between 30 and 50)
breakpoint 16              (16 Hz is good, and probably does not need to be adjusted.)
shiftlimit 0.085           ( Shiftlimit should be kept between 0.042 and 0.252)

optimize can be either False or True
threshold is a ratio of peak amplitude in the trigger channel versus it's overall mean.
breakpoint is the high pass filter frequency that is applied to the trigger channel. This should lie well above the passband of the seismic channel represented by the digitization.
shiftlimit is maximum time, in seconds, in which a clickpoint can be moved from it's original position. Bigger values result in large changes to the waveform.

For reference, a 600DPI scan of a 60mm/sec seismogram has 23.6 pixels per second of resolution in the time domain.
Therefore, a pixel typically represents 0.042 seconds of time. Therefore, .042 seconds of movement represents moving a clickpoint
one pixel (in this example.). 0.085 as a default means the clickpoint is allowed to be moved about two pixels in order to minimize the
spike in the derivative. Usually there are two click points involved, so it's possible one might get moved two pixels back in time, and the other
two pixels forward in time. This is usually sufficient movement to correct for small distortions in a manual digitization. Any more movement than this
is usually indicative of a digitization that has a lot of asymmetry due to improper image rotation, and this should be fixed in wavetrack.


Procedure:
Run PNE2SAC. Observe how many click points get moved. Adjust threshold up or down until there are only a dozen or two clickpoints
that get moved. If there are major issues with the file, use the text output as a guide for finding and correcting the points in the
wavetrack file. Then, re-export the wavetrack file, and re-run PNE2SAC. 


First-pass QC should NOT use optimize True to modify the miniseed, but instead use it as a guide to improve the wavetrack file.
After first-pass QC is satisfied with the waveform, re-run PNE2SAC one final time and direct the output to a LOG file:

(Obspy3.7) D:\Seismo\>pne2sac 1970-DEC-12T070059_OBN_SKD_ELZ.txt > MANGLYSHAK2_OBN_HLZ.LOG

Note the carrot ">" will direct the text into a text file called MANGLYSHAK2_OBN_HLZ.LOG 
This file provides guidance on the clickpoints that have exceeded the trigger threshold, and makes it easier to find the glitches in Wavetrack.

It will be also used by second-pass QC operator to review the record.

Second-pass QC 
Present policy is to NOT modify the final miniseed file with the optimization routine on the first pass. However,
during second-pass QC, policy has not yet been determined. It may be useful for auto-correction of minor problems,
especially if there are very few clickpoints that need to be adjusted. (a dozen or less). For now, use the optimizer
for identification of clickpoints, then review them in wavetrack. Be careful not to let the shiftlimit value get too high.


------------------- 

COMMENT 1969-SEP-26T06-59-58_Stavropol
NETWORK RU
STATION OBN
COMPONENT EHZ
REFTIME   26_SEP_1969_07:02:00.000
STARTTIME 26_SEP_1969_07:02:20.500
CF 45400
TC 0.0
optimize False
threshold 8.0
breakpoint 16.0
shiftlimit 0.260